# Web-Scraper
This repository contains two files constituting a project. The first file is the Web scraper.ipnyb file, which contains the code which I used to create a web scraper to extract photos and other primary information about 100 bollywood celeberities. The informations are gathered from diffrent various popular websites. The images are stored separately from the text information. The text informatin primary stored in a list are then stored in to a data frame which is further converted into a csv file. 
Coing to the database part, I had very basic knowledge of SQL, so it was tough for me to crate a database that could store text as well as image files. So now I come to the second file, which is scrapy.db. This is the database storing all the files I extracted. To create a database with the information that was stored in a csv file, I took help of the DB Browser tool of Sqlite. In the database tool, we can created a database and named it scrapy.db and created a table. Then by clicking the import option, we easily imported the Web scraper.csv file from where it was stored and the information got stored in the database.
Now, due to lack of knowledge SQL, I could not write a query to import the images into the database from where they were stored directly.
In order to do that,in the DB Browser application, I edited the field1 column in the database and its mode of values to image. Then, for  each shell, i imported an image from the directory, one by one. And hence the database was completed. 
